I'm going to show you how to write an if statement.
It's basically a simple way to check if a certain condition exists in your code and then do something
based on that result.
Copy your cmd_ouput_vars.sh
And just make a 'if.sh' script and then go in and edit that, if.sh file. So that saved
you some typing there and the if statement looks like this: you do 'if
"Something equals true"
Col--semicolon,
'then'
"do something"
"do stuff here" and then you close the if statement with the 'fi' word--just if backwards.
Maybe we want to match if our file name is equal to something then we can do something based on that.
So let's go up and edit this, let's say "if our filename is equal to--and I'll put 'vars.sh', then we want
to just say...
'filename matches!'
escape and ":wq!"--the bang sign there, was just out of habit for me, it overrides basically force
overrides the saving of the file and we don't need to do the 'chmod' because we actually copied the
file.
So it has the execute permissions on there already.
There we go.
So filename is cmd_output_vars.sh, and then our 'if' statement worked.
So we said "if the file name,
which is cmd_output_vars.sh, is equal to cmd_output_vars.sh, then each then print this message"
So that was just our little if conditional check.
So now you know how to write an if statement.
You do 'if [[ your condition ]]; then echo stuff; fi'